Top 75 Happy Songs
1. “September” — Earth, Wind & Fire
Earth, Wind & Fire released this catchy song celebrating gorgeous fall weather in the late ’70s and it was an instant hit. While it’s technically about September, it’s an upbeat song that’ll have you smiling no matter when it gets airplay.

🎬 SIGN UP for Parade’s Daily newsletter to get the latest pop culture news & celebrity interviews delivered right to your inbox. 🎬


2. “Happy” — Pharrell Williams
While the title clearly speaks for itself, the song’s catchy beat and fun lyrics make a go-to when you’re feeling amazing. Hardly shocking: “Happy” was the bestselling song of 2014 in the U.S.


3. “Walking on Sunshine” — Katrina & The Waves
Perfect for those times when you just need to live out loud, Katrina & The Waves’ hit has been celebrating happiness for more than three decades. This upbeat, fun song was originally going to be a ballad, but lead singer Katrina Leskanich decided to make it peppier instead.


4. “I’m Coming Out” — Diana Ross
Diana Ross’s dance-friendly single was released as she was leaving Motown Records and “coming out” from under her management. Since it was released in 1980, the song has shown up in a slew of popular movies, including Pets.


5. “Can’t Stop the Feeling!” — Justin Timberlake
This disco-pop song appeared on the soundtrack for the original Trolls, but it was released by Justin Timberlake six months before the movie came out—and it was an instant hit. This fun song didn’t stop there: It ended up becoming the best-selling song of 2016.

Related: New Year’s Eve Songs


6. “Girls Just Want to Have Fun” — Cyndi Lauper
Cyndi Lauper’s anthem is all but guaranteed to get women on the dance floor. While this “fun” song peaked at No. 2 on the Billboard charts, it was a breakthrough single for Lauper and continues to be one of the most popular pop songs of all time.


7. “I Want to Dance With Somebody” — Whitney Houston
Released in 1987, this single became Whitney Houston’s fourth consecutive No. 1 single and sold over a million copies. It’s continued to make people want to get up and dance, and was even the first dance for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle at their wedding. (In 2016, Markle said it was her “happy song” during an interview.)


8. “Shut Up and Dance” — Walk the Moon
The catchy song is based on an experience Walk the Moon lead singer Nicholas Petricca had at a club after his girlfriend asked him to dance. It became a huge single for the band in 2015 and continues to get regular airplay.


9. “Don’t Worry, Be Happy” — Bobby McFerrin
Released in September 1988, “Don’t Worry, Be Happy” was the first a cappella song to reach No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart. The song appeared as a single on the movie soundtrack for Cocktail.


10. “Feel Good Inc” — Gorillaz
While the song peaked at No. 14 in the U.S., it has an instantly recognizable opening beat that gets people dancing. Its catchiness has helped it land on several “best of” lists since its 2005 release.


11. “Geronimo” — Sheppard
“Geronimo” was written by Sheppard band members Jason Bovino with the brother-sister due of George and Amy Sheppard. Its name is a reference to Apache leader Geronimo’s custom of yelling his name before he did something brave.


12. “Thunder” — Imagine Dragons
With a driving bass line, it’s hard not to tap your feet when this song comes on. The music video, which features Imagine Dragons lead singer Dan Reynolds with aliens, has been seen more than 2 billion times on the band’s YouTube channel.


13. “Shake It” — Metro Station
“Shake It” peaked at just No.10 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, but it was everywhere when it was released in 2008. Metro Station, which was fronted by Miley Cyrus’ brother Trace Cyrus, parted ways with its original members two years later, reunited down the road, and then broke up for good in 2017.


14. “Good Life” — OneRepublic
An ode to travel, “Good Life” has gotten props from fans around the world for its feel-good vibes and memorable tune. The music video, which is largely shot in stop-motion, features cameos by Cate Blanchett, Anne Hathaway, NicholasCage, and Russell Crowe.


15. “Get Lucky” — Daft Punk feat. Pharrell Williams
“Get Lucky” was released in 2013, but has a heavy disco beat. The song later won Record of the Year and Best Pop Duo/Group Performance at the 56th Annual Grammy Awards.


16. “Lovely Day” — Bill Withers
While the song was released in 1977, it’s still well-known today. Fun fact: Singer Bill Withers sustains a note at the end that is 18 seconds long, one of the longest notes ever recorded in a song.


17. “MMMBop” — Hanson
You couldn’t go anywhere in 1997 without hearing Hanson’s breakout hit. The members of the band later said in an interview that, while the phrase “MMMBop,” doesn’t really mean anything, the song is about holding onto the things in life that matter.


18. “Sir Duke” — Stevie Wonder
Released as a single in the late ’70s, Stevie Wonder’s song that was written in tribute to jazz great Duke Ellington quickly hit No. 1 on the Billboard Hot 100. Wonder later said that he wanted to write the song to show his appreciation for Ellington and other famous musicians who had inspired him.


19. “Good Vibrations” — The Beach Boys
“Good Vibrations” was released in 1966 and became an instant hit. Not only is it fun and upbeat, it’s become known for being one of the most important pop songs ever made.


20. “Come Dancing” — The Kinks
“Come Dancing” originally didn’t even make it on the music charts in the U.K., but eventually hit No.6 in the U.S. The song was inspired by songwriter Ray Davies’ memories of his older sister, who died of a heart attack while she was dancing.


21. “U Can’t Touch This” — MC Hammer
This song put MC Hammer on the map. It samples the opening riff of the Rick James song “Super Freak” and the music video spawned new fashion and dance crazes.


22. “Shiny Happy People” — REM
While “Shiny Happy People” is well known decades after its original release, it only peaked at No. 10 on the Billboard Hot 100. It was used as the theme song for the unaired pilot for the show Friends, only to eventually be replaced by The Rembrandts’ “I’ll Be There for You.”

Related: Pivot Your Attention to These 68 Unforgettable Quotes From Friends


23. “Happy Together” — The Turtles
“Happy Together” was a single on The Turtles’ third album of the same name. It knocked The Beatles’ “Penny Lane” out of the No. 1 spot on the Billboard Hot 100 chart, where it stayed for three weeks.


24. “22” — Taylor Swift
“22” was just one of many hit singles on Taylor Swift’s award-winning album, Red. Swift later told Billboard that she decided to write the song because 22 was her favorite year of her life at the time. “You still know nothing, but you know that you know nothing,” she said.


Related: 100 Best Madonna Songs

25. “Big Yellow Taxi” — Joni Mitchell
Joni Mitchell’s popular single is an upbeat way of discussing urban development. She later said that she wrote it during her first trip to Hawaii, when she noticed a massive parking lot right next to gorgeous greenery.


26. “Jump (For My Love)” — The Pointer Sisters

27. “Weapon of Choice” — Fatboy Slim

28. “Get Outta My Dreams, Get Into My Car” — Billy Ocean

29. “Groove Is in the Heart” — Deee Lite

30. “I Love Your Smile” — Shanice

31. “Tightrope” — Janelle Monae

32. “Oh Happy Day” — The Edwin Hawkins Singers

33. “Brave” — Sara Bareilles

34. “If You Want to Be Happy” — Jimmy Soul

Related: 180 Funny Quotes

35. “I’ll Tumble 4 Ya” — Culture Club

36. “Heart and Soul” — T’Pau

37. “And We Danced” — The Hooters

38. “On the Dark Side” — Eddie and the Cruisers

39. “Mickey” — Toni Basil

Related: 180 Good Morning Quotes

40. “I Want Candy” — Bow Wow Wow

41. “That’s Not My Name” — The Ting Tings

42. “The Way You Move” — Outkast

43. “Here It Goes Again”— OK Go

44. “Praise You” — Fatboy Slim

45. “Learn to Fly” — Foo Fighters

46. “Even the Losers” — Tom Petty

47. “The Twist” — Chubby Checker

48. “Dancing Queen” — ABBA

49. “I Believe in a Thing Called Love” — The Darkness

50. “Steal My Sunshine” — Len

51. “C’est La Vie” — B*Witched

52. “The Remedy (I Won’t Worry)” — Jason Mraz

53. “Good as Hell” — Lizzo

54. “What About Your Friends” — TLC

55. “Every Little Step” — Bobby Brown

56. “Just Got Paid” — Johnny Kemp

57. “Kids” — MGMT

58. “1234” — Feist

59. “Breakout” — Swing Out Sister

60. “I Feel Good” — James Brown

61. “Jump” — Kris Kross

62. “Smile” — Uncle Kracker

63. “Best Day of My Life” — American Authors

64. “Upside Down” — Jack Johnson

65. “Put Your Records On” — Corinne Bailey Rae

66. “The Man” — Aloe Blacc

67. “Uptown Funk” — Bruno Mars

68. “Break Free” — Ariana Grande

69. “Domino” — Jessie J

70. “Good Time” — Carly Rae Jepsen and Owl City

71. “My House” — Flo Rida

72. “Cake by the Ocean” — DNCE

73. “Tubthumping” — Chumbawamba

74. “Fidelity” — Regina Spektor

75. “Suddenly I See” — KT Tunstall

Story by Korin Miller